By contributing to this project Git repo, you are deemed to have
accepted the agreement (DCO, or Corporate or Individual CLA attached
below) applicable to your contribution.

Any merge request, issue posts, commits, comments, wiki updates, and any
other content development and contribution legally constitutes digitally
signed acceptance of the terms in the attached DCO below, meaning that
any contribution to this project -- in any way -- releases any legal
claim on those contributions including copyright, patents, trademarks,
and any other intellectual property rights. It is the responsibility of
all would-be contributors to legally ensure that they indeed have those
rights themselves including, but not limited to, authorization from
their employers to whom they may have given up those rights, knowingly
or otherwise. Any contribution, including those in violation of this
agreement, shall become the legal intellectual property of this project
and its owners. Any violation of this agreement must be resolved between
the contributors and those with whom such disputes exist and shall in no
way involve this project, its owners, maintainers, or any other
contributors who have legally submitted content to this project without
violation.

------------------ Developer Certificate of Origin -----------------

Developer Certificate of Origin
Version 1.1

Copyright (C) 2004, 2006 The Linux Foundation and its contributors.
1 Letterman Drive
Suite D4700
San Francisco, CA, 94129

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this
license document, but changing it is not allowed.

Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

(a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
    have the right to submit it under the open source license
    indicated in the file; or

(b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
    of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
    license and I have the right under that license to submit that
    work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
    by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
    permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
    in the file; or

(c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
    person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
    it.

(d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
    are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
    personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
    maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
    this project or the open source license(s) involved.
